Adding the Java part :) (#68)
SUSE-Developer-Community/sandbox-welcome-content: content/cli.md

{{</tab >}}

{{<tab tabNum="3">}}
Let us start by creating a simple Java Spring Boot Application. 

> First let us go to the spring initializer site https://start.spring.io/ the select the required dependcies and enter the project name and details, here are the requested details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First let us go to the spring initializer site https://start.spring.io/ and select the required dependencies. Enter the project name and details as follows:
```

  - Spring version 2.2.5
  - Group com.suse.cap
  - Artifact helloworld
  - Packaging jar
  - java 8
  - dependcies:
      - spring web
  Then hit generate button and download the project zip.

>   Upzip the project then open eclipse and import the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Upzip the project, then open eclipse and import the project.
```

  In Eclipse navigate to the pom.xml and change version to 1.0 rather than 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.

>   Now Navigate to com.suse.cap.helloworld and there create HelloWorldController with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Now navigate to com.suse.cap.helloworld and there create HelloWorldController with the following content:
```

 ```Java
  package com.suse.cap.helloworld;

import org.slf4j.Logger;
import org.slf4j.LoggerFactory;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.PathVariable;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RequestMapping;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RequestMethod;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RestController;

@RestController
@RequestMapping(value = "/helloworld")
public class HelloWorldController {
	private static final Logger LOGGER = LoggerFactory.getLogger(HelloWorldController.class);
	@RequestMapping(value = "/sayHello/{name}", method = RequestMethod.GET)
	public String sayHello(@PathVariable String name) {
		LOGGER.info("Saying Hello to " + name);
		return "Hello "+name + " From Spring :)!";
	}
}
```

> Then navigate to the main folder and create manifest.yaml with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then navigate to the main folder and create `manifest.yaml` with the following content:
```

```yaml
---
applications:
- name: HelloWorld
  memory: 1G
  random-route: true
  path: target/helloworld-1.0.jar
  env:
    JBP_CONFIG_SPRING_AUTO_RECONFIGURATION: '{enabled: false}'
```   

> Now try to build the application using maven by running mvn clean install then pushing it into the application by cf push and test it but running the browser your application assigned route followed by helloworld/sayHello/cap user and you can see the Hello World message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now try to build the application using maven by running `mvn clean install` then pushing it into the application by `cf push` and test it but pointing your browser to your application's assigned route followed by `helloworld/sayHello/<your username>` and you can see the Hello World message.
```
